DOC-2270: Add focus style changes to Accompanying Enhanced Skins & Icon Packs changes. (#3128)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

[[accompanying-enhanced-skins-and-icon-packs-changes]]
== Accompanying Enhanced Skins & Icon Packs changes

The {productname} 7.0 release includes an accompanying release of the **Enhanced Skins & Icon Packs**.

=== Enhanced Skins & Icon Packs

The **Enhanced Skins & Icon Packs** release includes the following updates:

The **Enhanced Skins & Icon Packs** were rebuilt to pull in the changes also incorporated into the default {productname} 7.0 skin, Oxide.

> ==== Fixed some focus issues related to {productname} 5 skin and premium skins

Reviewer: Do you reckon mentioning TinyMCE 5 in the heading could add potential confusion? Could we just omit `5` from the heading?

Author: ```suggestion
==== Fixed focus issues related to Enhanced Skins and Icon Packs
```

Reviewer 2: Isn't this change relevant to all skins though?

Author: Yeah, 😢

Author: I've updated the suggestion, unless anyone else has a better way of explaining it?
